Bubble Gum Gui v2 Change Logs

YES, I AM PLANNNING TO UPDATE THIS SCRIPT IN PARALLEL WITH BUBBLE GUM SIM UPDATES.
Does not have all features. I will be adding the stuff in the Worlds (Candyland, etc) once I unlock them myself.

Unreleased
November 21, 2020
Created Bubble Gum Gui v2
BETTER VERSION OF THIS PIECE OF SHIT : https://pastebin.com/raw/5DgqfqjH
(i have no idea why i obfuscated it, whatever)

v1.0.0
November 21, 2020
Updates
   Island Teleports
   Egg Teleports
   Landmark Teleports
Upcoming Features
   Autofarm
   Autosell
   Auto Egg
   Auto Sell Pets
   LocalPlayer Editor (walkspeed, jumppower, etc)
   Dropdown menus for Teleports
   Gui Tweening (will do later)
   Maybe more stuff in the future?
Notes
   Christmas teleport doesnt work right now. Will update when Update 66 releases.
   World Area teleport is buggy. Will fix in v1.1.0
   Autofarm and Autosell will be coming in v1.1.0
   LocalPlayer Editor will be coming in v1.1.0
   Minimize + Maximize buttons will be functional in v1.1.0
   Animations will be coming in v1.1.0

v1.1.0
November 23, 2020
Updates
   Revamped Teleport screen (Uses dropdowns to conserve space)
   Autofarm + Autosell works
      Autofarm is limited to only gaining bubbles every 1s. I'm unable to make it faster
      Autosell has a 3s delay so it's not super glitchy
   Worlds Area teleport works now
   Added Christmas Portal teleport
   Added an intro animation (same anim from Basic Hub)
   Added Minimize animation (same anim from Basic Hub)
   Added Maximize animation (same anim from Basic Hub)
      I used the same animations from Basic Hub because im lazy and why not?
Notes
   LocalPlayer Editor doesn't wanna work for some reason. Will try to get it to work in v1.2.0
   Planning on making teleports faster in v1.2.0. Too lazy rn lol
   Click on the word "Gum" to go back to the Home screen (in the title)
   
   NOTICE:    im aware that the gui is breaking. not sure why it does that but ill investigate.
   REPRODUCE: Gui breaks after maximizing it a second time. Trying to figure out why right now.
   FOUND BUG: Found the bug. For some reason, everything had a transparency of 1. Resolving it now...
   RESOLVING: Transparency keeps setting to 1... Not sure how but I'll keep trying to figure out why.
   FIXED BUG: Fixed in v1.1.1.

v1.1.1
November 23, 2020
   Fixed the bug where content wouldn't appear after maximizing a second time
      Had to change my coroutines to functions and use coroutine.wrap()

v1.2.0
UPCOMING
Features
   Teleporting Support for Candy Land, Toy Land, Atlantis
      The other worlds will be coming soon, I still don't have any others unlocked yet.
   Faster Teleports for Main World
Notes
   Probably releasing Nov 24 or Nov 25.
   Auto Egg and Auto Sell Pets will be delayed. Focusing on teleports right now.
   LocalPlayer stuff will probably be delayed again. Sorry!

   UPDATE: I'm running into an issue where "Main function has more than 200 local variables"
           Currently trying to use tables instead of just variables. If you know a better solution, please dm me! zzerexx#3970
   UPDATE: Resolved, however im not running into a different issue. I keep getting the error "Unable to cast to dictionary"
           Gonna try to fix it tomorrow.